What is the valuation of the Denning era reported 3 times?
And not only that.
Uncle Zhuang has just introduced a new policy
Jingxi's valuation plummeted by half
More big coffee predictions
The final valuation of Jingxi Company
Will fall to less than 10%
Pardon me?
How is that possible?
In addition, Miss
The valuation of the Denning era is still soaring
According to current trends
There is no doubt that it has skyrocketed 10 times
Mom, it's true.
Now countless investors
Are following up on this investment in Taiwan
Even for investors to compete for investment share
It's all working
And some people are willing to pay 10 times the price directly
Acquire shares in the company directly
Sell my fart
I'll tell you what.
Public office in the De Ning era
10 times is just the starting point.
Lin Fan, don't be proud
It's just your luck to earn 3 times
While there are still fools to take over
You hurry up and make a fortune
Otherwise, it will be beaten back to its original shape.
You can't even find a place to cry
Yes, I think Miss Zhang is right.
You must be Josie Yunqiao
Well, I'll buy it for this money.
You are out of reach
I'll tell you what.
The valuation of this Denning era
At least a 50-fold increase
3 billion investment
50 times that is
Nearly 150 billion in revenue
More than that, ma'am
Won this beautiful wife
That's all that matters.
And there's Venus Chang.
The position of the Chief Investment Officer